(Anika) Then Tess got Bruhl
to confess his plan
about taking your house
right into the hidden camera.
Then, she took off her
hood and Bruhl saw
it was actually her and not Saganash,
and went all, "What?"
(laughter)
Yo, Tess deserves an Oscar
for that performance, all right?
She was on fire! (all
laughing, shouting)
You all did a phenomenal job.
I'm very proud of you.
And now, we have some great news
for you as well.
(cheering and laughter)
Yes!
Does this mean you're coming home?
Yes. Yes.
We'll be on the next
available flight home.
And we can't wait to
see all of you again.
We love you!
We love you! Bye! We love you!
Bye.
They're really coming back.
I never thought that
would actually happen.
(Tess) You... You
thinking about Sophie?
Where do you think she is?
(Max) Probably with her dad.
Celebrating, after she
gave him the letter
about the deed to our house.
She wouldn't do that.
Maybe she's not with him.
Maybe he kidnapped her.
You think Saganash would
kidnap his own daughter?
Yeah, right.
Now he has the deed and
we have jack squat.
Actually, that's not entirely true.
I have the letter.
I mean, I have a picture of the letter.
How'd you get so smart?
It's called reading.
You should try it sometime.
Oh, you didn't...
(laughter)
(Max shouting indistinctly)
You know what we should do?
Make the whole place perfect
for when Erik and Kate come home.
We could clean the house,
put up decorations, I'll bake a cake!
Ooh, I love it! Yeah, good idea, Nika!
We'll start first thing in the morning.
I can't wait, I can't wait!
♪♪
Hi.
Hey.
So, did your father kidnap you?
What... no.
I'm so sorry, Daniel, but...
I screwed up big-time.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(sighs) So... I didn't
exactly steal the letter.
What do you call it?
I just wanted to show it to my father.
You had no right.
I know, I just... I
thought that if he knew,
that the whole feud between the
Saganashes and the Hunters
was based on a misunderstanding,
that he might calm down, and
we could end this thing.
And? What happened?
He said it was nothing but
a bunch of Hunter lies.
I'm really sorry.
Did he say anything else?
Yeah... something really weird.
He said, "Now I know where
the relatives are."
How does he know that?
There was no location
or anything on the letter.
I have no idea.
He said that he knows they
have the blue diamond,
and that he's gonna go over
there and take it from them.
We have to stop him!
(sighs) Well... look who's here.
What did Saganash send
you to steal this time?
He didn't send her.
She ran away from him,
she's here on her own.
Where have I heard that before?
We have to warn the relatives
that Saganash is coming.
Max, you come with me,
we'll go get Sal.
And you stay here. I'll stay with her.
Surprise.
Let's get cleaning.
We'll start here and work
our way through the house
until the whole place is spotless.
And... look what I got.
It'll make the house smell like roses.
Don't just stand there, you two.
We've got work to do.
(rock music playing)
♪♪
(screaming)
Whoa!
How did you do that?
It smelled old and
looked all dirty, so...
It's not an original, is it?
Erik and Kate are gonna have kittens.
(gulps)
♪♪
(all) Gertrude!
Children! What's all the fuss about?
Saganash found out about you,
and we think he's coming here
to steal the blue diamond.
Saganash? Here? Are you sure?
He got his hands on an old
letter from Case Hunter.
Somehow, it helped him
figure out where you are.
Is the blue diamond somewhere safe?
Yes, of course.
Really safe?
We always keep it moving
from place to place.
Well, that doesn't sound
particularly safe.
Would you like me to show it to you?
(sighs)
It doesn't move very fast,
but hey, I still get around.
(kids chuckle)
How's it going?
I'm almost done.
Are you sure this is a good idea?
Mm-hmm, it'll be okay. Trust me.
Well? What do you think?
Well... I didn't get a
good look at the original.
It's called "The Master Son
and Feathered Companion".
So, maybe we could call it
"The Master Son With the Silly Face"?
Maybe Saganash was just bluffing.
I don't know.
He doesn't really seem
like the bluffing type.
(thuds, glass breaking)
(woman shrieking)
Gertrude!
(glass breaking)
Gertrude? Gertrude!
It's locked, it's locked!
Anybody got a credit card?
No. Mm-mm.
Paper clip?
(scoffs) Wait!
A coat hanger!
Yeah, I always carry one with me.
Really? No!
Come on.
What about this?
Let's work. Come on.
Come on, come on, open
it, open it, open it.
I'm trying. Come on, come on, come on.
(cell phone ringing)
Pika-Pika, Browning speaking.
How can I help you.
Hi, Magpie, I need you.
It's nice to know I'm
needed, but first...
who is this?
Oh, right. Anika.
Anika Hunter.
Hello, Anika. So...
do you know how to forge paintings,
or just diamonds?
Anika, perhaps we shouldn't
discuss this over the phone.
Why don't you come to the shop
and bring whatever it is
that requires my skills.
I will, thanks. Oh, and don't worry.
It's not that hard of a job.
I did most of the work already. Bye!
Come on, come on.
Hurry up! Go, go, go, go!
You got this, come on, come on.
Yes!
(gasps) Gertrude, are you all right?
I... I think so.
Ooh, my head. Oh.
What happened?
Uh... Saganash.
He... he must have got in somehow.
I tried to run, and
something heavy hit me,
and everything just went black.
Oh, no.
The diamond. It's gone!
(Max) We were tricked!
We led him right to the relatives.
But I don't understand how he
would even know about them,
or that Gertrude has a blue diamond.
I do.
She told him.
She's been telling him everything.
How can you be so sure?
Okay, look at the timing.
No one knew the relatives
had the diamond.
She goes back to her old
man, comes back here,
gives us a little story, and
blammo, Saganash strikes.
This isn't Sophie's fault.
She came back because she likes us
and she wants to help.
Yeah, correlation doesn't
imply causation.
It means, just because two things
happen one after another,
doesn't mean one
is caused by the other.
I... I think in this case, it does.
What do you mean? You set us up?
No! No, I would never do that.
But, I... I think my father tricked me.
He used me. I'm sorry.
Those are just words.
(Anika) Um...
Daniel and I have to go.
Wait, where are you guys going?
We have to go see Mr. Browning.
Anika did a little too
good a job cleaning.
Why don't you do something
to prove that you're on our side?
Like what, Max?
Like lead us to the blue
diamond so we can get it back?
But I have no idea where it is.
Logic would suggest it's
wherever your father is.
Well, that's the thing.
I've no idea where he is either.
Sal, can't you track Saganash if Sophie
gives you his phone number?
No, I can't get a location
from just a number.
But, I can if she calls him
and keeps him talking for long enough.
Really? Yeah.
(phone dialing, ringing)
Sophie? Hi, Dad.
Where are you?
I'm back at the Hunters' house.
I see. And what are you doing there?
Um, I'm... I'm just
looking for answers.
They seem to know more
than they're letting on.
And what do you mean by more?
Well, I'm not sure. It's just...
more... details of everything.
I really don't have
time for this, Sophie.
No, don't hang up, Dad.
The red diamond. We need
that one too, right?
We don't know where it
is, but I think they do.
And... they can tell me where it is.
I know they can.
Oh, really? Well, fine, do it.
And call me when you have it.
They... they trust me, Dad.
They actually think
I'm on their side.
Like I would ever turn
against my own father.
Why are you telling me this?
Um, just... just to let you know
that I am on... on your side.
Why, should I question your loyalty?
No, no, no, no, I... I was
just letting you know.
Oh, my poor little princess.
What?
You've always been a terrible liar.
(phone clicking, Sal gasps)
(Sal) No!
You didn't get it?
You think he knew we were tracking him?
I'm sorry.
It's okay. You tried.
We'll just figure out something else.
Well, I'm starving.
From all this drama, I
haven't had time to eat.
Who's up for a grilled cheese?
Always.
Hey, um... are you okay?
I mean, it must be
kinda hard, you know,
your father thinking you're a traitor
and everything.
Yeah. Yeah, it is.
I might have been too harsh on you.
You know, I'm just... worried.
I get it.
I mean, losing the blue diamond
wouldn't be the end of the world.
We still have the green
diamond, after all.
The green diamond?
Oh, yeah.
It's bigger than the blue one
and the red one put together.
If we ever lost that one,
we'd really be up a creek.
(clicks tongue)
You coming?
Tess makes a mean grilled cheese.
I'll be right there.
All right.
(bicycle bell rings)
♪♪
(sniffing deeply)
I have to say...
I have never been around
a painting this old...
that smells so good.
Oh. (chuckles) Like roses, right?
Is it ruined?
No, but restoring it won't be easy.
You'll need the world's best craftsman.
Fortunately, I happen to know him.
Where is he? New York? Rome?
As a matter of fact,
the best in the world
is right here in Amsterdam.
Well, let's call him, now!
And he can fix this?
It'll look just like it used to?
This guy is so good
that a painting of his
is hanging in the Rijksmuseum,
and everybody thinks it's a Rembrandt.
Wow. And you know this guy?
Very well.
So, why aren't you calling him?
I don't have to.
He's standing right in front of you.
Oh! Oh!
Wait a minute.
Are you saying you made a
forgery of "The Night Watch"?
The Rembrandt that's in the museum?
Don't be silly. I'm just kidding.
(laughter)
The blue diamond may be gone,
but at least Erik and Kate
are coming home.
Mm-hmm.
(phone chimes)
Hey, th-that's mine!
"Find out more about the green diamond,
and you can come home."
It's from her sweet daddy.
Green diamond? What
is he talking about?
Why don't you tell her?
Would someone please tell
me what's going on here?
I made up a story about
a green diamond,
and now Saganash wants to steal it.
Wait, you mean you...
You made up a story about a diamond
to test her? I sure did.
And old Sophie here
just flunked the test
worse than I ever did in any
of Miss Clutterby's classes.
I didn't tell my dad anything...
Oh, don't even!
How else did he find out?
A little birdie?
I wanna hear it from you.
Did you tell him?
No, I swear!
Well then, how did he find out?
I don't know!
You're leaving?
Well, what choice do I have?
Nobody even wants me here anymore,
no one trusts me, and...
and to be honest,
I don't even blame you.
Just... just tell Daniel...
I trust you.
You do? Why?
I don't know, it's just... a feeling.
That's... that's really sweet.
But... I think I still have to go.
Wait. Before you go,
can I take a quick look at something?
Yeah.
(sighs)
(sighs) What's taking Magpie so long?
It only took me, like,
five minutes to fix it.
Guess that's kinda why
we're here, isn't it?
I once heard about a guy who
went to sleep and woke up
inside a painting.
He could see his wife looking for him,
but he couldn't call for
help 'cause his mouth
was painted shut. Anika...
(glass breaking)
What was that?
Maybe he dropped a tool?
Pretty heavy tool.
I'll take a look.
You stay here.
No, I'm coming with you.
No, it might not be safe.
I'll be right back.
Mr. Browning? Magpie?
♪♪
(phone beeps, rock music playing)
If I'm right, I'm gonna
prove you're innocent.
If you're right about what?
One sec. Just about got it.
(music continues)
Could we turn the music down?
Why not?
It would be much easier to talk.
♪♪
(whispering) Because your
father would hear us.
Well, Sophie's coat is
gone, looks like she left.
Good. Let's hope she never comes back.
Don't be so mean!
I'm not being mean, okay?
I'm being careful.
Trying to look out for us.
Hunters stick together, remember?
Yeah, except right now,
you're not exactly
acting like a Hunter.
What do you mean? That
was a dirty trick.
It's called fighting fire with fire.
Okay, you think Saganash
is playing nice with us?
He's doing whatever it takes.
That's what we have to do.
Besides, it proved that she was a liar.
It didn't prove anything!
And I'm sure there's
another explanation
how Saganash found out.
Really? Like what?
(Sal) Guys!
We know how Saganash knows everything.
Duh, she told him.
No! He bugged my phone.
He's been listening to everything.
We've got a new plan.
Let's go to the game room.
We'll show you.
Magpie?
Mr. Browning?
(both screaming)
What are you doing here?
I told you to stay back there.
I was all alone and scared.
I'm sorry. It's okay.
Just stay quiet, okay?
(whispering) You got it.
I once heard about a guy
who was so quiet, he...
(door creaking)
Where is he?
I have no idea.
(door creaking) Magpie?
Magpie? Hello?
Wow, I can't believe Erik and Kate
said the deed is in...
Iceland.
Way up north.
All the way above the Arctic Circle.
That was smart.
No one would ever think to look there.
Did they say where exactly?
Yeah, in this little town.
It's really nice this time of year.
Called...
"A-ja-fyor-door."
I think they pronounced
it more like Eyjafjör ur.
Right!
Right, that's... that's how he said it.
The deed is in an old barn...
under the haystack at the old farm,
under the reindeer saddle.
(TV turning on, static crackling)
(Saganash) Enough of
your pitiful charade.
Poor, stupid Hunters.
Your little attempt to
trick me has failed.
And now...
it seems I have the upper hand.
(all gasp)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org